docs/index.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "smtp Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# smtp Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "smtp" {
  plain_auth {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The hostname (without port) of the SMTP server.
Can be passed using the SMTP_HOST environment variable.",
- `username` (String) The username to use for authentication.
Can be passed using the SMTP_USERNAME environment variable.

### Optional

- `cram_md5_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) CRAM-MD5 authentication settings as defined in RFC 2195 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cram_md5_auth))
- `plain_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) PLAIN authentication settings as defined in RFC 4616 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--plain_auth))
- `port` (Number) The port of the SMTP server.
Can be passed using the SMTP_PORT environment variable.
If not set explicitly, it will default to 587.

<a id="nestedblock--cram_md5_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cram_md5_auth`

Required:

- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret to use for authentication.
Can be passed using the SMTP_CRAM_MD5_SECRET environment variable.


<a id="nestedblock--plain_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plain_auth`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for authentication.
Can be passed using the SMTP_PLAIN_PASSWORD environment variable

Optional:

- `identity` (String) The identity to use for authentication.
Usually the identity should be the empty string, to act as username,
and this is the default.
Can be passed using the SMTP_PLAIN_IDENTITY environment variable.

Commit message:

Feat: configurable "from" field (#5)
Co-authored-by: Arkadii Chumachenko <arkadii.chumachenko@getvisibility.com>

docs/index.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "smtp Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# smtp Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "smtp" {
  plain_auth {}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The hostname (without port) of the SMTP server.
Can be passed using the SMTP_HOST environment variable.
- `username` (String) The username to use for authentication.
Can be passed using the SMTP_USERNAME environment variable.

### Optional

- `from` (String) Default sender of the message. Falls back to `username` if not set
Can be passed using the SMTP_FROM environment variable.
- `cram_md5_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) CRAM-MD5 authentication settings as defined in RFC 2195 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cram_md5_auth))
- `plain_auth` (Block List, Max: 1) PLAIN authentication settings as defined in RFC 4616 (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--plain_auth))
- `port` (Number) The port of the SMTP server.
Can be passed using the SMTP_PORT environment variable.
If not set explicitly, it will default to 587.

<a id="nestedblock--cram_md5_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cram_md5_auth`

Required:

- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret to use for authentication.
Can be passed using the SMTP_CRAM_MD5_SECRET environment variable.


<a id="nestedblock--plain_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plain_auth`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password to use for authentication.
Can be passed using the SMTP_PLAIN_PASSWORD environment variable

Optional:

- `identity` (String) The identity to use for authentication.
Usually the identity should be the empty string, to act as username,
and this is the default.
Can be passed using the SMTP_PLAIN_IDENTITY environment variable.
